Local Rules for the United States Court of Appeals for Veterans Claims	
Rules of Practice and Procedure	
Rule 1. Scope of Rules	
Rule 2. Suspension of Rules	
Rule 3. Appellate Procedure	
Rule 4. Filing Appeal: Docketing; Copy of Board Decision	
Rule 5. Stay of Appellate Proceedings	
Rule 6. Protection of Privacy	
Rule 7. Reserved	
Rule 8. Suspension of Secretarial Action or Suspension of Precedential Effect of Decision of this Court	
Rule 9. Reserved	
Rule 10. Record Before the Agency	
Rule 11. Reserved	
Rule 12. Reserved	
Rule 13. Reserved	
Rule 14. Reserved	
Rule 15. Intervention	
Rule 16. Reserved	
Rule 17. Reserved	
Rule 18. Reserved	
Rule 19. Reserved	
Rule 20. Reserved	
Rule 21. Extraordinary Relief	
Rule 22. Filing a Request for Class Certification and Class Action (RCA)	
Rule 23. Action on a Request for Class Certification and Class Action (RCA)	
Rule 24. Waiver of Filing Fee	
Rule 25. Filing and Service	
Rule 26. Computation and Extension of Time	
Rule 27. Motions	
Rule 27.1. Motion for Initial Review by Panel	
Rule 28. Briefs	
Rule 28.1. Record of Proceedings	
Rule 29. Brief of an Amicus Curiae	
Rule 30. Citation of Certain Authority	
Rule 31. Filing and Service of Briefs	
Rule 32. Form of Briefs, Appendices, and Other Documents	
Rule 33. Staff Conference	
Rule 34. Oral Argument	
Rule 35. Motions for Reconsideration, Panel Decision, or Full Court Review	
Rule 36. Entry of Judgment	
Rule 37. Retention Requirements for Documents	
Rule 38. Frivolous Filings; Failure to Act	
Rule 39. Attorney Fees and Expenses	
Rule 40. Rules Advisory Committee	
Rule 41. Mandate	
Rule 42. Voluntary Termination or Dismissal	
Rule 43. Substitution of Parties	
Rule 44. Judicial Conference	
Rule 45. Duties of Clerk	
Rule 46. Practice Before the Court and Representation	
Rule 46.1. Self-Representation	
Rule 47. Expedited Proceedings	
Rule 48. Sealing of Cases	
Rule 49. Complaints Against Judges	
Index	
Procedural Requirements for Staff Conferences	
Internal Operating Procedures	
Preamble	
Definitions	
I. Screening Process	
II. Single-Judge Action	
III. Reconsideration, Requests for Panel Decision, Subsequent Appeals, and Matters Remanded from the Federal Circuit	
IV. Oral Argument	
V. Panel Process	
VI. Post-Panel Process	
VII. En Banc Process	
VIII. Publication of Court Actions	
IX. Motions, Consolidation	
X. Internal Circulation of Decisions	
XI. Petitions for Extraordinary Writs	
XII. Applications for Attorney Fees and Expenses	
XIII. Court Governance, Management, and Leadership	
XIV. Standing Panel on Admission and Discipline	
XV. Request for Class Certification and Class Action	
Rules of Admission and Practice	
Rule 1. Definitions and Miscellaneous	
Rule 2. Committee on Admission and Practice	
Rule 3. Admission	
Rule 4. Standards for Professional Conduct and Duties of Practitioners	
Rule 5. Types and Imposition of Discipline	
Rule 6. Accusations of Professional Misconduct	
Rule 7. Practitioners Convicted of Crimes or Disciplined by Other Courts or Governmental Entities	
Rule 8. Proceedings When Practitioner Declared Mentally Incompetent or Alleged to be Incapacitated	
Rule 9. Loss of Sponsorship by Non-Attorney Practitioner	
Rule 10. Disbarment on Consent While Under Disciplinary Investigation	
Rule 11. Reinstatement Following Disciplinary Action	
Rule 12. Access to Disciplinary Information	
Rule 13. Duties of the Clerk	
Rule 14. Other Court Powers	
Rules Governing Judicial Misconduct	
Preface to the Rules	
Chapter I: Filing a Complaint	
Rule 1. When to Use the Complaint Procedure	
Rule 2. How to File a Complaint	
Rule 3. Action by Clerk of Court Upon Receipt of Complaint	
Chapter II: Review by Chief Judge of a Complaint	
Rule 4. Review by the Chief Judge	
Chapter III: Review of Chief Judge's Disposition of Complaint	
Rule 5. Petition for Review by Judicial Council of Chief Judge's Disposition	
Rule 6. How to Petition for Judicial Council Review of a Disposition by Chief Judge	
Rule 7. Action by Clerk of Court Upon Receipt of Petition for Judicial Council Review	
Rule 8. Action by Judicial Council on Petition for Review	
Chapter IV: Investigation and Recommendation by Special Committee	
Rule 9. Appointment of Special Committee	
Rule 10. Conduct of Investigation	
Rule 11. Conduct of Hearings by Special Committee	
Rule 12. Rights of Judge Under Investigation	
Rule 13. Rights of Complainant During Investigation	
Chapter V: Judicial Council Consideration of Recommendations of Special Committee	
Rule 14. Action by Judicial Council	
Rule 15. Procedures for Judicial Council; Amicus Curiae	
Chapter VI: Miscellaneous Rules	
Rule 16. Confidentiality	
Rule 17. Public Availability of Decisions	
Rule 18. Disqualification	
Rule 19. Withdrawal of Complaints and Petitions for Review	
Rule 20. Nonexclusivity; Applicability	
Rule 21. Availability of Rules and Forms	
Rule 22. Effective Date	
Rule 23. Advisory Committee	
Appendix A: Complaint Form	
Practitioners' Notes	
E-Filing Rules	
E-Rule 1. Definitions	
E-Rule 2. Scope of Electronic Filing	
E-Rule 3. Eligibility, Registration, Passwords	
E-Rule 4. Locked Documents, Redaction	
E-Rule 5. Effects of Electronic Filing	
E-Rule 6. Service of Electronic Documents	
E-Rule 7. Attachments and Exhibits	
E-Rule 8. Sealed Documents	
E-Rule 9. Retention Requirements	
E-Rule 10. Electronic Signatures	
E-Rule 11. Notice and Entry of Court-Issued Documents	
E-Rule 12. Technology and Compatibility	
E-Rule 13. Public Access	
