Local Rules for the District of Delaware	
Local Civil Rules	
Preface to the 2016 Amendments	
I. Scope of the Rules	
1.1. Scope of the Rules	
1.2. Availability of the Local Rules	
1.3. Sanctions	
II. Commencement of Action; Process; Service and Filing of Pleadings and Other Papers	
3.1. Civil Cover Sheet	
3.2. Patent Cases	
4.1. Service of Process	
5.1. Filing	
5.1.1. General Format of Papers Presented for Filing	
5.1.2. The Filing of Nonconforming Papers	
5.1.3. Filing Documents Under Seal	
5.2. Service	
5.3. Originals and Copies of Filed Documents	
5.4. Discovery Materials	
III. Pleadings and Motions	
7.1.1. Statement Required to be Filed with Nondispositive Motions	
7.1.2. Motions	
7.1.3. Form and Contents of Briefs, Memoranda of Points and Authorities, and Appendices	
7.1.4. Oral Argument	
7.1.5. Reargument	
9.2. Request for Three-Judge District Court	
9.4. Pleading Claim for Unliquidated Damages	
15.1. Form of a Motion to Amend and its Supporting Documentation	
16.1. Fed. R. Civ. P. 16(b) Scheduling Conference	
16.2. Exemptions from Fed.. R. Civ. P. 16(b) and 26(f)	
16.3. Pretrial Conference and Procedure	
16.4. Requests for Extensions of Deadlines	
IV. Parties	
23.1. Designation of "Class Action" in the Caption	
V. Depositions and Discovery	
26.1. Form of Certain Discovery Papers	
26.2. Confidentiality	
30.1. Reasonable Notice for Taking Depositions	
30.2. Deposition Motions	
30.3. Who may Attend Deposition	
30.4. Procedures for Recording Depositions	
30.5. Original Deposition Transcripts	
30.6. Depositions Upon Oral Examination	
37.1. Discovery Motions to Include the Discovery at Issue	
VI. Trials	
38.1. Notation of "Jury Demand" on the Pleading	
40.1. Assignment of Cases; Duty Judge	
41.1. Dismissal for Failure to Prosecute	
43.1. Witnesses Conferring with Counsel During Testimony	
47.1. Voir Dire of Jurors	
47.2. Communication with Jurors	
48.1. Number of Jurors	
51.1. Instructions to the Jury and Special Verdicts and Interrogatories	
VII. Judgments	
54.1. Taxation of Costs	
54.2. Jury Cost Assessment	
54.3. Award of Attorneys' Fees	
VIII. Provisional and Final Remedies	
58.1.1. Entry of Judgment by Confession and Execution Thereon	
58.1.2. Entry of Judgment by Confession in Open Court	
67.2. Moneys Deposited in the Custody of the Court	
67.3. Withdrawal of a Deposit Pursuant to Fed. R. Civ. P. 67	
68.1. Offers of Judgment Filed Only if Accepted	
69.1. Execution	
71A.1. Condemnation Cases	
IX. United States Magistrate Judges	
72.1. Magistrate Judges; Pretrial Orders	
73.1. Magistrate Judges; Trial by Consent	
X. District Courts and Clerks	
77.1. Hours of the Clerk's Office	
77.2. Orders and Judgments by the Clerk	
79.1. Custody and Return of Exhibits	
79.2. Custody of Files and Documents Not in Electronic Format	
80.1. Court Reporting Fees	
XI. Miscellaneous Provisions	
81.1. Caption on Removed Cases	
81.2. Cases Transferred or Removed to this Court	
83.2. Photographs and Broadcasting	
83.4. Security of the Court	
XII. Attorneys	
83.5. Bar Admission	
83.6. Attorney Discipline	
83.7. Substitution and Withdrawal of Attorney	
XIII. Form for Motion for Admission Pro Hac Vice	
Time Limits and Procedures for Achieving Prompt Disposition of Criminal Cases	
1. Applicability	
2. Priorities in Scheduling Criminal Cases	
3. Time Within Which an Indictment or Information must be Filed	
4. Time Within Which Arraignment must be Held	
5. Time Within Which Motions must be Filed	
6. Time Within Which Trial must Commence	
7. Defendants in Custody and High-Risk Defendants	
8. Time Within Which Defendant Should be Sentenced	
9. Minimum Period for Defense Preparation	
10. Exclusion of Time from Computations	
11. Juvenile Proceedings	
12. Sanctions	
13. Persons Serving Terms of Imprisonment	
14. Effective Date	
Amended Local Rule 8 (Effective May 2, 2011)	
Standing Orders	
Standing Order Regarding Centurion Defendants	
Procedures to Govern the Appointment of and Utilization of Special Masters in Complex Civil Cases	
Standing Order Regarding Courtesy Copies 5-10-2022	
In RE: Vacant Judgeship	
Standing Order for Objections Filed Under Fed. R. Civ. P. 72	
Magistrate Judge's Standing Order for ADR Mediation	
Standing Order Re: Centurion Defendants	
Designation of Chief Judge of the US Bankruptcy Court, District of Delaware	
Filing of State Court Records in Habeas Corpus Cases Under the Exigent Circumstances Created by Covid-19	
Standing Order Regarding Provision of Paper Copies of Electronically Filed Documents	
Procedures to Govern the Appointment of and Utilization of Special Masters in Complex Civil Cases	
The Reappointment of Sherry R. Fallon as Full Time United States Magistrate-Judge	
Order Canceling Court Proceedings and Extending Filing Deadlines	
The Reappointment of Christopher J. Burke as Full Time United States Magistrate Judge	
The Appointment of Jennifer L. Hall as Full Time United States Magistrate-Judge	
In re: E-Service in Pro Se Complaints Where Named Defendants Include Connections Community Support Programs Inc. and/or its Current or Former Employees	
In re: Procedures to Govern the Appointment and Utilization of Special Masters in Complex Civil Cases	
Order Appointing Merit Selection Panel	
Standing Order Re Service in Pro Se Cases Involving Connections Community Support Programs, Inc.	
E-filing Program Extension Order 8-18-17	
The Designation of Chief Judge of the United States Bankruptcy Court for the District of Delaware	
Walter P. Matthews Appointment as Chief Probation Officer	
Standing Order Criminal Cases	
In re: Motions Seeking Collateral Relief on the Basis of Johnson v. United States, 135 S. Ct. 2551 (2015)	
Order Regarding Deposit and Investment of Registry Funds	
Pilot Program for E-Filing Documents in the District of Delaware by Inmates at the James T. Vaughn Correctional Center	
Revised Standing Order for District Court Fund	
2016 Local Rule Order	
Revised Federal Civil Panel Order	
In re: Motions Seeking Collateral Relief on the Basis of Johnson v. United States, 135 S. Ct. 2551 (2015)	
The Reappointment of Mary Pat Thynge as Full Time United States Magistrate Judge	
In re: Procedures to Govern the Appointment and Utilization of Special Masters in Complex Civil Cases	
In re: E-Service in Pro Se Complaints Against the Delaware Department of Correction	
Order Appointing Merit Selection Panel	
In the Matter of the Lawyer Advisory Committee	
In re: Amendment to Fed. R. Civ. P. 4(m)	
Designation of Records in Bankruptcy Appeals	
In re: Johnson v. United States, U.S., 135 S.Ct. 2551 (June 26, 2015)	
In the Matter of the Lawyer Advisory Committee	
In re: E-Notification in Social Security In Forma Pauperis Proceedings	
In re: Pilot Program in Pro Se Complaints Against the Delaware Department of Corrections	
Appointment and Utilization of Special Masters in Complex Civil Cases	
In re: Procedures to Govern the Appointment and Utilization of Special Masters in Complex Civil Cases	
Petitions for Retroactive Controlled Substance Sentence Reductions	
Revision to Electronic Case Filing Policies and Procedures	
Courtesy Copies of Initial Pleadings	
E-Service in Habeas Corpus Cases	
Order Regarding the Court Registry Investment System Minor's Fund	
In re: Pilot Program for E-Notification in Social Security In Forma Pauperis Proceedings	
Revised Standing Order for District Court Fund	
Standing Order for Objections Filed Under Fed. R. Civ. P. 72	
Utilization of Magistrate Judges - Amended	
In the Matter of U.S. Marshals Service Court Security Officers Personal Firearms Protocol	
Business Hours of the Clerk's Office	
Disposition of Sealed Documents in Closed Civil Cases	
In re: John G. Selvaggi, Appointment as Chief Probation Officer	
Procedures to Govern Mediation of Appeals from the United States Bankruptcy Court for this District - 09/11/2012	
The Appointment of Sherry R. Fallon as Full Time United States Magistrate Judge	
Amended Standing Order of Reference - Title 11	
Procedures to Govern the Appointment and Utilization of Special Masters in Complex Civil Cases	
Petitions for Retroactive Cocaine Base Sentence Reduction Under U.S.S.G ยง 1B1.10, Amendment 750, Effective November 1, 2011	
Possession by Attorneys of Cell Phones, Other PDA Devices, and Laptop Computers	
Utilization of United States Magistrate Judges	
The Appointment of Christopher J. Burke as Full Time United States Magistrate Judge	
Procedures to Govern the Appointment and Utilization of Special Masters in Complex Civil Cases	
Amended Local Rule 8 of the Time Limits and Procedures for Achieving Prompt Disposition of Criminal Cases	
Appointment of Merit Selection Panel for Selection of a Full-Time U.S. Magistrate Judge	
Procedures to Govern the Appointing of Special Masters to Hear Discovery Disputes in Intellectual Property Cases	
Amended Local Rules	
Standing Order in Non-Pro Se Matters for Objections Filed Under Federal Rule of Civil Procedure 72 (See Revised Order of 10/09/2013)	
Standing Order in Pro Se Matters for Objections Filed Under Federal Rule of Civil Procedure 72 (See Revised Order of 10/09/2013)	
Revised District Court Fund Standing Order	
Courtroom Security Cameras	
Retained Counsel in Criminal Cases	
Designation of a District Judge for Service Within Another District	
Honorable Harvey Bartle, III	
Honorable Michael Baylson	
Honorable Renee Marie Bumb	
Honorable Mary Little Cooper	
Honorable Stewart Dalzell	
Honorable Paul S. Diamond	
Honorable Mitchell S. Goldberg	
Honorable Noel L. Hillman	
Honorable Joseph E. Irenas	
Honorable Robert B. Kugler	
Honorable Timothy R. Rice	
Honorable Timothy R. Rice	
Honorable Eduardo C. Robreno	
Honorable Berle M. Schiller	
Honorable Jerome B. Simandle	
Designation of the Chief Judge of the U.S. Bankruptcy Court for the District of Delaware	
In re: Petitions for Retroactive Application of November 1, 2007 Amendment to Crack Cocaine Offense Level Guidelines	
Reappointment of Mary Pat Thynge as Full Time United States Magistrate Judge	
Assignment and Pretrial Management of the Fourth Judgeship Caseload	
In re: The Matter of Petty Offenses Committed on the Premises of the Wilmington Veterans Administration Center	
Transcript Rates of Official Court Reporters	
Appointment of Merit Committee Panel for Reappointment of Magistrate Judge Thynge	
The Appointment of Leonard P. Stark as Full Time United States Magistrate Judge	
Assignment of Civil Cases to U.S. Magistrate Judge	
Appointment of Merit Selection Panel	
Judicial Vacancy	
Mediation of Appeals from the U.S. Bankruptcy Court for this District - Addition to Panel 11/01/05	
Mediation of Appeals from the U.S. Bankruptcy Court for this District - Addition to Panel 10/25/05	
Civil Asset Forfeiture Cases	
Mediation of Appeals from the U.S. Bankruptcy Court for this District - Addition to Panel 04/05/05	
Mediation of Appeals from the U.S. Bankruptcy Court for this District - Addition to Panel 03/29/05	
Standing Order for District Court Fund	
Mediation of Appeals from the U.S. Bankruptcy Court for this District - Addition to Panel 10/22/04	
Order - Possession and Utilization of Electronic Devices in Courtroom 4B	
In re: Procedure for Filing Non-Case Dispositive Motions in Non-Patent Cases (Pro Se Cases Excluded)	
In re: Non-Case Dispositive Motions in Patent Cases	
In re: Security of Courtroom 4B	
In re: Possession and Utilization of Electronic Devices in Courtroom 4B, J. Caleb Boggs Federal Building	
In re: Permission for Counsel to Possess and Utilize a Laptop Computer During Court Proceedings in Courtroom 4B of the J. Caleb Boggs Federal Building	
Re: Request for Permission to have Laptop Computer in Courtroom 4B	
Panel Addition - Appointment of Special Master to Hear Discovery Disputes in Intellectual Property Cases	
Assignment of Court Reporters	
Panel - Appointment of Special Masters to Hear Discovery Disputes in Intellectual Property Cases (Vacated on 6/8/2011)	
Procedures - Appointment of Special Masters to Hear Discovery Disputes in Intellectual Property Cases (Vacated on 6/8/2011)	
Mediation of Appeals from the U.S. Bankruptcy Court for this District - Initial Panel Members	
Procedures to Govern Mediation of Appeals from the U.S. Bankruptcy Court for this District	
Publication in Accordance with Rule C (4)	
Intellectual Property Advisory Committee	
